Tsuruishika
Play with the popo popo
You can just leave us alone in the house
If you're going to play with the popo, eat it all
Even if you eat it, you can't go home
Play with the popo popo
Eat it all
Eat it all, eat it all
Even today, if you're alone in the dark
I'm going to split up the因 solution of the Higher
Land and village
For the peν comfortable Stroke
Play with the Popo popo
Play with the popo popo
Please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please
able to mustn